Updating the URI for defaults part (#9860)
aspnet/Docs: aspnet/web-api/overview/web-api-routing-and-actions/routing-and-action-selection.md

[!code-csharp[Main](routing-and-action-selection/samples/sample4.cs)]

> The URI "`http://localhost/api/products/all`" matches this route. The "{category}" segment is assigned the default value "all".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URIs `http://localhost/api/products/all` and `http://localhost/api/products` match the preceding route. In the latter URI, the missing `{category}` segment is assigned the default value `all`.
```
